# Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-sub-folders-from-the-filesystem/description/
# Question

Given a list of folders `folder`, return _the folders after removing all **sub-folders** in those folders_. You may return the answer in **any order**.

If a `folder[i]` is located within another `folder[j]`, it is called a **sub-folder** of it. A sub-folder of `folder[j]` must start with `folder[j]`, followed by a `"/"`. For example, `"/a/b"` is a sub-folder of `"/a"`, but `"/b"` is not a sub-folder of `"/a/b/c"`.

The format of a path is one or more concatenated strings of the form: `'/'` followed by one or more lowercase English letters.

- For example, `"/leetcode"` and `"/leetcode/problems"` are valid paths while an empty string and `"/"` are not.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** folder = ["/a","/a/b","/c/d","/c/d/e","/c/f"]
**Output:** ["/a","/c/d","/c/f"]
**Explanation:** Folders "/a/b" is a subfolder of "/a" and "/c/d/e" is inside of folder "/c/d" in our filesystem.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** folder = ["/a","/a/b/c","/a/b/d"]
**Output:** ["/a"]
**Explanation:** Folders "/a/b/c" and "/a/b/d" will be removed because they are subfolders of "/a".

**Example 3:**

**Input:** folder = ["/a/b/c","/a/b/ca","/a/b/d"]
**Output:** ["/a/b/c","/a/b/ca","/a/b/d"]

# Intuition  
- The sub-directories always gets nested from the parent folder name and ends with `/`. 
- The intuition is when we sort the inputs, the parent comes first followed by the sub-directories. 
  
# Approach  
- Iterate through the input
- Element that appears first is a directory, the sub-directory of it if present compes next.
- All sub-directories can be ignored and not added to result array
- If you find a directory that doesn't start with a parent, that's a new parent and need to be aded to result array. Continue until visiting all folders.
  
# Complexity  
- Time complexity:  
	$$O(n log(n))$$
	Input is being sorted once and traversed once  
  
- Space complexity:  
$$O(1)$$ 
	No extra space apart from result
  
# Code  
```python3 []  
class Solution:  
    def removeSubfolders(self, folders: List[str]) -> List[str]:  
	    folders.sort()  
	    temp = folders[0]  
	    result = [temp]  
	    for i in range(1, len(folders)):  
	        if not folders[i].startswith(temp + '/'):  
	            result.append(folders[i])  
	            temp = folders[i]  
	    return result
```

#### Difficulty: 
Medium